first obvious pro being
being a guy in the vegan community it's
about like a
70 to 30 or 30 ratio
it's almost guaranteed you're going to
get laid
anytime someone and i know this might
have some people if they're if like if
they have in their bio
like ethical vegan like they identify as
that that literally makes me cringe
because i'm just like
you can't just go vegan and then all of
a sudden say oh i'm an ethical person
and everyone else
isn't living this ethical lifestyle it's
just like
like nobody lives a cruelty-free
lifestyle and it's a
cruelty-free lifestyle and i think it's
kind of a little it comes across as like
condescending or like
i'm better than someone else it's like
no like yeah it's not approachable
and it's like it's not yes it appeals to
people who are vegan but because they
agree but yeah exactly and people who
are not vegan
don't it's just i like it
from my first contact with the digital
demi mode of veganism
i've seen people pretending that
vegans were brilliant when they're not
brilliant when they're
imbeciles when their writing is garbage
we all get into this game this small
town mentality of pretending they're
witty and charming and brilliant when
they're not
pretending they're humorous and
intelligent when they're not
and pretending they're beautiful when
they're not when nida and randa
are in los angeles sitting in the
waiting room
next to the other young women who are
trying for that same part do you think
they stand out
as especially good looking no they're
not good looking
period they're not we can pretend
because they're vegan because they're
vegan and they appeared in a taco
bell commercial you know supporting the
[ __ ] meat and dairy industry and the
fast food industry
that we all supposedly demonize when
they when they sold out for a few
dollars to bro
yeah yeah they're they're good looking
and they're brilliant and they're
leaders
in the vegan movement movement that
doesn't exist
the problem with veganism being
dominated by people i find
inexplicably unforgivably idiotic it's
not
limited to the bottom rung of part-time
bikini models and weight loss gurus it's
really not
ah i was just watching a video that
one of my one of my patreon supporters
sent me the link to
it has vegan cheetah sitting there with
nina and miranda
and some other guys and i mean you know
the person who
sent me this link was laughing at it and
saying you know the level of stupidity
is just
unbelievable or chafing or you know
implicitly hilarious cheetah was the
smartest guy in that room by a long shot
let me tell you
what it showed uh
it's very strange moment to watch
you know i have mixed feelings about the
video
and mixed feelings about the role i
would be taking on if i was coming on
camera and ridiculing the video
you guys may have heard me say a
relatively long time ago
that you know you can't devote your time
and energy on youtube
to responding to the stupidest 10 of
your viewers
or the stupidest 50
whatever it is you've got to direct your
attention your critique and even your
humor i mean even if you're just
ridiculing people
try to ridicule something that's
intelligent enough and important enough
to be really worth
ridiculing and i don't know i mean i
gotta say there would actually be
entertainment value
if i were to record myself breaking down
laughing and shouting obscenities and
how amazingly stupid
you know some of the things said were in
that in that group you know okay but
there's a deeper problem and a shallower
problem here
that i want to talk about um
all the time people ask me this question
it used to be my most frequently asked
question they'd ask me oh well what what
books do you recommend
what intellectuals do you look up to
what political leaders do you look up to
in veganism the problem with veganism
being dominated by people i find
inexplicably unforgivably idiotic it's
not limited to the bottom rung
of part-time bikini models and weight
loss gurus it's really not
um brees harper
i read her work and listened to her
lectures about
three years ago so it's it's possible
she found a brain since then
but i i doubt it um absolute garbage
and stupid and remember i'm reading this
work by bruce harper
i have the strongest bias imaginable in
favor of veganism
but i find this stuff unforgivably
inexplicably
amazingly stupid wayne cyong so wayne
seong is the real leader
of direct action everywhere even though
he claims that group has no leaders
again when i first encountered his work
i have no negative bias i have the most
positive bias imaginable
and i have a positive bias also because
at least he had you know some
intellectual pretensions and aspirations
and he was writing essays he was writing
essays about
political philosophy so i'm even more
biased in his favor
but his work is garbage and it's not
just a little bit
too dumb to me it's shockingly stupid
it'd be hard to force myself to give a
rigorous critique
of any article by wayne siong that i've
read because it's
it's garbage i mean gary yourofsky
if you search the history on this
channel uh one of the most popular
videos or maybe two of the most popular
videos were the
the critiques of gary yourofsky because
i was saying things that a lot of people
needed to hear in those videos
some people knew about the problems with
gary yourofsky and were in denial about
them and some were totally unaware of it
and were shocked
gary yourofsky i don't know i wouldn't
hesitate to call him an idiot
again i'm biased in his favor i
recognized in a lot of issues
his heart is in the right place that
he's trying to make the world a better
place
but he's not just a little bit stupid
people he's not gary francione i've had
quite a few
critiques of his stuff here deeply
deeply flawed
uh yeah i don't want to call him an
idiot but hey for the sake of this video
yeah yeah and you know what i've spoken
to him um just through messages you know
typewrite messages i do think gary
francione's an idiot if i'm if i'm being
all the way honest
and as a vegan i mean it's it's lonely i
mean you know i
can't say it's only at the top it's only
at the bottom it's only in the middle
i mean vegans as vegans
what do you we all hate the humane
society for
if you're a real vegan if you're an
ethical vegan how can you possibly
like or respect an organization i wish i
could i wish we could
i wish we all felt we had a home with
the humane society but we don't
and again when you read in the newspaper
a quotation
from one of the representatives of one
of the executives of the humane society
committee inside the united states i'm
really thinking of here
you know giving their justification for
free-range chicken meat or for
you know some minor adjustment to how
cows get slaughtered or something
you feel that these people are idiots
now maybe they're not idiots maybe
they're corrupt maybe they actually are
just corrupted by money donated but i
don't know
but looking at the text in the newspaper
looking at those quotations as such yes
you feel like the humane society is a
conspiracy
of morons rspca if you're one of the
british colonies you know
england or australia you have a royal
society for the protection of certain
animals
again not vegan again full of excuses
for happy meat
full of this you know [ __ ] paradigm
of caring about
dogs and cats but not caring about cows
and pigs and these ridiculous things
it's lonely and you know again when you
actually read quotations from them or
interviews with them
in the newspaper or wherever you happen
to see them as a vegan you can't help
but feel that all these people are
idiots
peta why even talk about peta people for
the ethical treatment of animals
and i mean worst of all the green party
i hope it's possible you live in one of
the places that's an exception but i
mean green party the united states green
party of canada
green party and most of these countries
from a vegan perspective
it's a joke so i mean you know it goes
without saying
why why even criticize why even mention
what's problematic with somebody like
durianrider
or somebody like vegan cheetah and vegan
cheetah when he's sitting on that bench
next to nina
randa he's the smartest guy he's the
smartest tack in the stack
he's the smartest guy on the bench he
was the only person who sat down with
something to say
and i mean that's that's scary but i
mean there is still a point there is
still
value in offering criticism directed at
people like nida and randa
because it's scary to me at all levels
of this we get a bit of the small town
olympic games syndrome going on within
veganism i'll tell you exactly what i
mean
i mean if you're from a small town and
someone from your town is competing at
the olympics
let me assure you uh it doesn't matter
if they come in third place or they come
in 10th
place you know the local tv station the
local radio station is going to
celebrate this as a great
accomplishment right uh and it also
probably doesn't matter if there are
many despicable and bad things about
that athlete small town
coverage of their hero going to the
olympics or any sports event
these things get distorted in blown out
of proportion and
what have you um
from my first contact with the digital
demi mod of veganism
i've seen people pretending that
vegans were brilliant when they're not
brilliant when they're imbeciles when
they're writing is garbage
uh i did that book review recently of
this book it's not even vegan but this
ecological book
uh called half earth you know laughable
the economics are just
insane any anybody with a high school
education economics
could you know debunk this book and
laugh at it and you know i've looked
before i
i you know made my own review i looked
at other reviews that are on the
internet reviews in newspapers and
academic journals try to see if anyone
else was responding critically to this
book and no no you see a lot of excuse
making
well you know he wants to save the
planet his heart's in the right place
let's pretend he's brilliant
oh god let's not even mention will
tuttle i did in effect a book review of
will tuttle will tuttle's uh
you know save the planet diet a will
tuttle is a [ __ ]
and his book is garbage and is based on
the most laughable
superstitious nonsense literally it's
laughable from a buddhist perspective
from the perspective of a traditional
temple tarabata buddhist perspective
this guy is a joke let alone from a
secular humanist western scientific
perspective
it's complete garbage but there's this
kind of again it's not a conspiracy
it looks like a conspiracy of dunces
from the outside but it's this small
town
olympic games fever well he may be an
idiot but he's already
well at least he's an author at least he
wrote a he's a vegan who wrote a book so
therefore we're going to support him
therefore we're going to pretend he's uh
he's brilliant and insightful
i mean i see this with the supposedly
respectable
upper crust of vegans who have phds and
positions in universities
like professor kimlica's book that i in
effect reviewed in my uh my podcast with
modvegan we talked about that at some
length
i haven't read the whole book so it's
the only reason i haven't done a proper
book review of it here
it's laughable nonsense
nonsense the stuff he says about rats
and snakes about trying you know
that the government should spend money
that the only reason we have this
conflict with rats living in the city
is because you know we come from this
judeo-christian background that regards
you know rats and snakes as a bad thing
and
the government should re-educate people
so that we accept and love rats and
snakes among us in the cities it's like
you know these ridiculous bend over
backward justifications
where you know vegans can't kill rats
you know the reality is meal
so what have you been have you been to a
grain farm it's just
you know this is like with yorovsky i
addressed his ridiculous statements
about vegans not killing insects how are
you going to grow wheat
without killing insects how are you
going to have a wheat farm without
killing rats and you know how are you
going to have a city
yeah yeah you know what this would be a
much more upbeat video
if i just played a bunch of clips from
that ridiculous
dialogue between vegan cheetah and nida
nina and randa
sitting there being idiots and i sat
here
and heaped scorn on them and say look at
these wannabe bikini models
we all get into this game this small
town mentality of pretending
they're witty and charming and brilliant
when they're not
pretending they're humorous and
intelligent when they're not
and pretending they're beautiful when
they're not i mean all these people are
showered with compliments oh you could
be a model no you couldn't
oh you know what nina and randa now have
the experience of going to uh
auditions they've been aspiring
actresses for some time
when nita and randa are in los angeles
sitting
in the waiting room next to the other
young women who are trying for that same
part do you think they stand out
as especially good looking no they're
not good looking
period they're not we can pretend
because they're vegan because they're
vegan and they appeared in a taco bell
commercial
you know supporting the [ __ ] meat and
dairy industry and the fast food
industry
that we all supposedly demonize when
they when they sold out for a few
dollars
yeah yeah they're good looking and
they're brilliant and they're leaders
in the vegan movement movement that
doesn't exist
yeah sure we can we can we can play
those games and you know
like i say there is value in critique
at every level i think there's value in
poking holes in
the reputation that you know people like
nina and miranda have
i think there's value in poking holes in
the reputation that vegan sheet has i
think there will be value in pokey holes
and reputation i have
if anyone wanted to deal with the
substance of what's actually on my
channel
instead of making up stories about my
sex life that are complete fiction by
the way
i don't think i've seen a single one of
these rumors that has anything to do
with my actual sex life
but anyway people just make up makeup
stories about me
it's not critique including of course
cheetah she just broadcasted some total
fiction
about me in my sex life uh uh uh
you know yeah this video will be more
entertaining for everyone
if i just came on camera and threw down
you know invective and insults towards
these these
idiots who come on camera with nothing
to say
and you know in such a disorganized
fashion
uh i don't
it would be so much easier for me to
just sit here and
you know marginalize the people who are
already marginal put it that way
for me to revile as idiots people who
are already sticking their necks out
frankly and taking a risk by showing the
world what idiots they are
whether they do that in their bikini or
in their basement in front of a camera
or however they do it
but the truth is if we're really being
honest and rigorous
the people who have put themselves in
positions of of elite
leadership roles people like brees
harper wayne ceon gary yovsky gary
francione
leader of the green party jill stein i
just had a video
criticizing jill stein really we need
more of our energy
to go into honestly and fairly assessing
what's wrong with those sources
strategically and tactically and
substantively
and then we need to put our energy into
replacing them
the reality is there's going to be
another nina and randa
next week i nobody can keep calves just
to keep count of the number of
vegan girls in bikinis on youtube and
youtube is not the whole world or on
instagram
playing that angle nobody can keep going
there's another one every week
but the truth is there isn't another
gary francione every week
there is another wayne sean every week
there isn't another dxe every week there
isn't another humane society peta or
green party every week
institutions move slow professors
with tenured positions and phds who can
play a leadership role or at least a
galvanizing role
for veganism and animal rights they
don't come around every week and they
last a long time
gary francione's already lasted a long
time he's not going to retire and he's
not going to disappear
believe me i i wish i could tell people
when they asked me oh so what have you
been reading
i once had a podcast up with cheetah
where he was asking me that question
and part of my answer was to say to him
honestly you know the
the good news is i don't think books are
all that important
for the future of the vegan movement
that's the good news because there are
no books i can recommend for you
i don't think magazines or journals are
that important for the future of the
vegan movement
the reality is that the mess of
eccentrics who come on camera
and talk to you like this on youtube
actually are
more important and more impactful within
veganism and as an outreach from
veganism to not being involved they are
more important than any book and that's
one of the reasons why i'm on youtube
and uh i mean beyond that
sure i i wish i wish i could be rattling
off names of people
i have so much respect for that i feel
such a debt of gratitude towards that i
feel
inspired me and directed me and shaved
me in my own vegan activities i wish i
could come on camera now
and say that to you uh but that is just
not true
i'm in a situation where i feel i have
no contemporaries
and i know i mean there were people who
were disappointed in this channel
when i came out and more or less called
unnatural vegan and idiot and i know why
they were disappointed because they felt
like why couldn't i
on a natural vegan cooperate and make
something positive happen in vegas now
there are a lot of reasons why we can't
but i mean for me the outstanding fact
there was beli i too i'm
so strongly biased in favor of this
person of a natural vegan
but i'm sitting there looking at her
give these
ludicrous excuses for why castrating a
dog
doesn't harm the dog if the dog isn't
aware that he's castrated then it's not
how you know
these you know cynical
illogical self-serving dishonest and
immoral arguments
in favor of pet ownership and why vegans
should embrace and accept pet ownership
the domestication of animals including
you know the um
physically cutting off pieces of the
bodies of domesticated animals to force
them
into unnatural behavioral patterns that
are more suited to a life
of lying on your rug and entertaining
your children and watching tv with you
instead of them exhibiting their adult
mature wild behaviors
to me that's not trivial and to me i
mean the things that
make it impossible for me to have
intellectual respect for brees harper
wayne cyan gary
francione gary yourofsky the things that
make it impossible for me to
intellectually respect unnatural vegan
the things that would make it impossible
for me to be a happy member of
the humane society the rspca peta or the
green party
those things are integral to who i am
ultimately they're integral to my
concept
of veganism this is another pro
okay and it's pretty simple but there
are more people today that are
vegan or trying to live as close to what
a vegan utopia of diet and lifestyle
would look like
than there ever has been before i think
that's there's something to say about
that